# Minutes for 2023-08-01

## Attendees

- Brandon Mitchell
- Jason Hall
- Aviral Takkar
- Jeff Carter
- Sajay Antony
- Josh Dolitsky
- Nathan Anderson
- Victor Lu
- Vincent Batts

## Actionable Agenda Items

- None

## Presentation/Discussion Agenda Items

- Discuss what the participants would like to see out of this group
- Procedural questions
  - Where to iterate and file issues etc.

## Notes

- [Repo creation request](https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/issues/127)
- Josh: Jon (who isn't here) once shared this image with me and it changed my life <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/google/go-containerregistry/main/images/credhelper-basic.svg>
- Jason: Consider adding docker authentication docs as a baseline and add to it if thats possibly
- Jason: document the state of the world is the milestone. And really restrain on improving the state of the world?
- Josh: <https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/blob/ea19b579661d99bc753c92e93730b8aab6ecd31b/pkg/authn/README.md#the-registry>
- Next steps / Action Items:
  - New repo creation
  - Document the Docker spec as it exists today
  - Gather use cases not covered by the existing Docker spec
  - Gather IETF/HTTP specs that can be leveraged
